migrate dat_py docs to jdat_notebooks (#120)
spacetelescope/jdat_notebooks: docs/notebooks.rst

.. _Jupyter Notebooks:

#################
Jupyter Notebooks
#################

Please see the :ref:`Development Procedure` section for notebook development guidelines.

.. seealso::

    For detailed instructions on formatting notebook, please visit the
    `STScI notebook style guide. <https://github.com/spacetelescope/style-guides/blob/master/guides/jupyter-notebooks.md>`_

Installation
************

For instructions on how to install Jupyter notebooks, please visit the
`Jupyter Installation page <https://jupyter.org/install>`_.

> We also strongly recommend using `Conda <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/index.html>`_ for
> managing environments. If you need instructions on how to setup Conda, please see the Conda's
> `Getting Started <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html>`_ documentation.

Reviewer: This might be opening a can of worms, and if @camipacifici in particular wants to say :see_no_evil: :hear_no_evil: we can discuss this at a later time (i.e., not part of this PR), but I think we should consider softening this recommendation at this point.  I personally think `venv` + `pip` is now superior to `conda` as an environment-management solution. Of course opinions may vary on this, but perhaps we should soften this a bit to something like:

```suggestion
We also strongly recommend using an environment managing tool for keeping track of dependencies and
preventing conflicts.  Options include the `venv` package and `pip` tools in the python standard library, or the 
 `Conda <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/index.html>`_ tool combined with the `conda-forge`
 package index. If you need instructions on how to setup Conda, please see the Conda's
`Getting Started <https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html>`_ documentation.
```
